# CS320_Software-Test-and-Automation

## How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
  Ensuring that my code is functional and secure is a huge portion of my responability as a software developer. If my code does not work, or does no work properly, then my usefulness is essentially non-existent. This is where software testing comes in. Throughout this course, we learned about a variety of differnt types of testing, and had hands-on experience with the JUnit testing method. This way of testing allowed me to write individual tests for each method in every class so make sure they all worked properly and followed the software requirements given by the client. Not only could I run the program to ensure it worked correctly, I could run the tests with configurations to see what percentage of each class was covered and tested. This allowed me to ensure that each part of my program was tested and in correct working order prior to submission. 

## How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
  User needs are just as important as business requirements. For example, the business will have things that need to be included, and that is all well and good. However, if the final product does not do what a user needs it to, or is too difficult to be useful, then the entire project is a failure. No matter how well you followed the given software requirements. This is why it is just as important to consider user needs as business needs. In a previous class, we worked on designing a user interface for a drivers ed course. We were given requirements by the client, and then asked to come up with other needs we thought were imporant for the client. One I thought of was a way for the text to be read aloud for those with the need for assistance reading. While you obviously cannot be blind and drive, maybe you have dislexia and it is easier to be read information and test questions than for you to do so yourself. This was not a system requirement, but could make a massive difference in this company being chosen over competitors due to great reviews online from previous users. 

## How do I approach designing software?
  My approach to designing software has chagned slightly throughout this course. In previous projects, I would code the entire project, debugging as I went in small steps. And at the end would test to see if it ran. Now that I have some experience with automated testing, I like to write a class and create, at the very least, the setup for each test as that method is written. This ensures that I do not forget to test anything and that the whole program will work well. 
